Notes on SSO logins and media_repository worker (#8701)
matrix-org/synapse: docs/workers.md

Note that a HTTP listener with `client` and `federation` resources must be
configured in the `worker_listeners` option in the worker config.

Ensure that all SSO logins go to a single process (usually the main process). 

> Multiple workers not handling the SSO endpoints properly, see

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For multiple workers not handling the SSO endpoints properly, see
```

    media_instance_running_background_jobs: "media-repository-1"
```

> If a reverse proxy is used, `/_matrix/media/` must be set for the client (e.g. 443) and the federation port (e.g. 8448) if they are different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if a reverse proxy is used , then `/_matrix/media/` must be routed for both inbound client and federation requests (if they are handled separately).
```
